#589: avoid collisions in metamodel's variables (#592)
jakartaee/persistence: spec/src/main/asciidoc/ch05-metamodel-api.adoc

+
[source,java]
----

> public static final String Y_ = "y";

Author: remove underscore, add disclaimer about non-portable behaviour in case of collisions

public static volatile TypedQueryReference<R> _n_;
----
+

> where `n` is the name `"n"` with not a legal Java identifier characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `n` is the name `"n"` with every character which is not a legal Java identifier character
```

> replaced with an underscore.

Reviewer: @lukasj not sure what this sentence is trying to say.

Reviewer: I think you mean "with every character which is not"

Author: yes, that was the intent, thanks for the better language

public static volatile EntityGraph<X> _n;
----
+
where `n` is the name `"n"` with every character which is not a legal Java identifier character
replaced with an underscore.

Import statements must be included for the
needed `jakarta.persistence` and `jakarta.persistence.metamodel` types as appropriate (e.g.,
`jakarta.persistence.EntityGraph`, `jakarta.persistence.TypedQueryReference`,
`jakarta.persistence.metamodel.SingularAttribute`, `jakarta.persistence.metamodel.CollectionAttribute`,
`jakarta.persistence.metamodel.SetAttribute`, `jakarta.persistence.metamodel.ListAttribute`,
`jakarta.persistence.metamodel.MapAttribute`, `jakarta.persistence.metamodel.EntityType`,
`jakarta.persistence.metamodel.EmbeddableType`, `jakarta.persistence.metamodel.MappedSuperclassType`)

> and all classes `X`, `Y`, `Z`, `R`, and `K`.

Reviewer: I wonder why we even need this paragraph. I think I would just delete it.

Author: I've made this shorter

[NOTE]
====
Implementations of this specification are not required to resolve naming collisions

> when generating canonical metamodel classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resulting from the rules above when generating canonical metamodel classes.
```

public static volatile EntityGraph<X> _n;
----
+

> where `n` is the name `"n"` with not a legal Java identifier characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `n` is the name `"n"` with every character which is not a legal Java identifier character
```

> replaced with an underscore.

Reviewer: ditto
